This month was not great by far. It was cold for long amounts of time and with my room being good at keeping in the cold it was not the feeling. Plus to put the icing on this already burned cake. My building's boiler wasn't working for a week and a few days. When it had gotten fixed it only outputs warm water and not hot water which is not the best since I'm in the cold all day. This was all throughout the regents week break and the few days of coming off of break. But there were some good things that I enjoyed during this time.


Some of my friends got a game that I play Very well versed in called "Deepwoken". Before they had gotten the game I already had a close friend that played with me when the game was not well known and lots of fun things happened since we were both new to it at that time like how me and him were attacked by 5-7 new players when we were on high level accounts. Bringing it back to the new friends that got the game now it was fun seeing them go through the same things I went through. Whenever I join the call that we have active my pal named Austin calls me the "omnipotent deepwoken god" which I find funny since I'm not the best but I'll take it.


In this game called "Deepwoken" you have these character slots that players call builds which is just how you build your character. This game is also rouge-like. Which means when you die after a certain amount of times the character gets killed forever. Every fight you get into could be your last so you gotta fight like you're dead already. They added world bosses to the game recently so at every hour it was spawn "The Doom of Caeranthi", "Carnival of Hearts", and "Interluminary Parasol" which are very powerful and very deadly(I fell victim to it's most powerful attack with a beginner build). 


They also added a new fist fighting style to the game that you have to unlock through beating the world boss called "The Doom of Caeranthi" which is one I died too is part of the quest. After beating the boss or even before you beat the boss you just need to have 30 stat point into light weapon which isn't hard if you know what you're doing. When you have defeated the boss and also have 30 light weapon points you'll also need you have repution with the faction called etris and speak to an NPC that will give youthe fighting style permently. It has 2 speical moves to it. The first move is a leg sweep with is very useful and the other move is locked behind a high tier outfil that you have to craft you use the move. The move is a were you run for a second then spin the air and finish it off with a slam to the floor with one of your feet.
